feat(nextjs): Update Next.js docs for v8 (#9910)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/manual-setup.mdx

Include the following in your `next.config.js` or `next.config.mjs`:

<SignInNote />

```JavaScript {tabTitle:CJS} {filename:next.config.js}
const { withSentryConfig } = require("@sentry/nextjs");

const nextConfig = {
  // Your existing Next.js configuration
};

// Make sure adding Sentry options is the last code to run before exporting
module.exports = withSentryConfig(nextConfig, {
  org: "___ORG_SLUG___",
  project: "___PROJECT_SLUG___",

  // An auth token is required for uploading source maps.
  authToken: process.env.SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN,

  silent: false, // Can be used to suppress logs
});
```

```JavaScript {tabTitle:ESM} {filename:next.config.mjs}
import { withSentryConfig } from "@sentry/nextjs";

const nextConfig = {
  // Your existing Next.js configuration
};

// Make sure adding Sentry options is the last code to run before exporting
export default withSentryConfig(nextConfig, {
  org: "___ORG_SLUG___",
  project: "___PROJECT_SLUG___",

  // An auth token is required for uploading source maps.
  authToken: process.env.SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN,

  silent: false, // Can be used to suppress logs
});
```

## Create Initialization Config Files

> Create three files in the root directory of your Next.js application, `sentry.client.config.js`, `sentry.server.config.js` and `sentry.edge.config.js`. In these files, add your initialization code for the client-side SDK and server-side SDK, respectively. We've included some examples below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create three files in the root directory of your Next.js application: `sentry.client.config.js`, `sentry.server.config.js` and `sentry.edge.config.js`. In these files, add your initialization code for the client-side SDK and server-side SDK, respectively. We've included some examples below.
```

});
```

> We recommend you include your DSN directly in these three files. Alternatively you can pass the DSN it via a _public_ environment variable like `NEXT_PUBLIC_SENTRY_DSN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you include your DSN directly in these three files. Alternatively you can pass the DSN via a _public_ environment variable like `NEXT_PUBLIC_SENTRY_DSN`.
```

## Configure Source Maps

By default, `withSentryConfig` will add a custom Webpack plugin to your configuration that runs for both server and client builds.
This means that when you run a production build (`next build`), sourcemaps will be generated and uploaded to Sentry, so that you get readable stack traces in your Sentry issues.

> For the SDK to be able to upload source maps to Sentry you need to provide an auth token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the SDK to be able to upload source maps to Sentry, you need to provide an auth token.
```

export default withSentryConfig(nextConfig, {
  sourcemaps: {
    disable: true,
  },
});
```

```javascript {tabTitle:CJS} {filename:next.config.js}
module.exports = withSentryConfig(nextConfig, {
  sourcemaps: {
    disable: true,
  },
});
```

### Use `hidden-source-map`

Depending on your deployment setup, adding `sentry/nextjs` to your app may cause your source code to be visible in browser devtools when it wasn't before. (This happens because of the default behavior of [webpack's `source-map` built-in `devtool`](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/devtool/).) To prevent this, you can use `hidden-source-map` rather than `source-map`, which will prevent your built files from containing a `sourceMappingURL` comment, thus making sourcemaps invisible to the browser. To use `hidden-source-map`, add a `sentry` object to `nextConfig` above, and set the `hideSourceMaps` option to `true`:

```javascript {tabTitle:ESM} {filename:next.config.mjs}
export default withSentryConfig(nextConfig, {
  hideSourceMaps: true,
});
```

```javascript {tabTitle:CJS} {filename:next.config.js}
module.exports = withSentryConfig(nextConfig, {
  hideSourceMaps: true,
});
```

### Widen the Upload Scope

> If you find that there are frames in your client-side stack traces that aren't getting source-mapped even when most others are, it's possible because they are from files in `static/chunks/` rather than `static/chunks/pages/`. By default, such files aren't uploaded because the majority of the files in `static/chunks/` only contain Next.js or third-party code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find that there are some frames in your client-side stack traces that aren't getting source-mapped even when most others are, the issue might be that those frames are from files in `static/chunks/` rather than `static/chunks/pages/`. By default, such files aren't uploaded because the majority of the files in `static/chunks/` only contain Next.js or third-party code.
```

To upload all of the files and source maps, including ones from third-party packages, set the `widenClientFileUpload` option to `true`:

```javascript {tabTitle:ESM} {filename:next.config.mjs}
export default withSentryConfig(nextConfig, {
  widenClientFileUpload: true,
});
```

```javascript {tabTitle:CJS} {filename:next.config.js}
module.exports = withSentryConfig(nextConfig, {
  widenClientFileUpload: true,
});
```

## Configure Tunneling to avoid Ad-Blockers

> You might notice that Sentry events are sometimes blocked by Ad-Blockers.
> Ad-blockers can be circumvented by using **tunneling**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might notice that Sentry events are sometimes blocked by ad blockers.
Ad blockers can be circumvented by using **tunneling**.
```

The Sentry Next.js SDK provides an easy way to set up tunneling for your application.

> Use the `tunnelRoute` option to provide a route the SDK will use to tunnel events to Sentry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `tunnelRoute` option to provide the SDK a route to use to tunnel events to Sentry:
```
